This has been the very last part of the memory management course.
You've covered quite some ground over the last weeks,
starting with memory types,
the process memory model,
automatic memory allocation on the stack as well as
on an overview of call by value and call by reference.
We have discussed dynamic memory allocation on the heap.
We have used the well-worn functions,
malloc and free as well as new and delete which are
the object oriented counterpart in preparation for this lesson on smart pointers.
You have learned a lot about copy semantics,
L values, R values,
as well as move semantics.
Now you know what resource acquisition initialization is,
it's a super powerful idiom for resource management in C plus plus
and you know about smart pointers and you know that they embrace this principle.
That's quite a lot.
Also you know about the three smart pointer types,
when to use them, and when to use raw pointers instead.
Finally, we took a look at ways to pass smart pointers into functions and vice versa.
Now, that really is
a very large body of knowledge which we have here but there's much more to all of
these topics as we were able to cover in the somewhat limited scope of this course.
So when you start your career and C plus plus programming,
you will continue on a super interesting learning trajectory.
There's so much more to discover.
But before you get there,
you will have to complete the final project.
This one is about applying many of the techniques you have learned so far.
So let's take a look now at how to build a memory management chatbot. See you soon.